<h1> Python course final project - BodyweightHelper </h1>

<h2> Overview </h2>

Welcome to the bodyweight fitness helper. This program assists the user in learning 
various bodyweight exercises that target all the muscle groups in the body.

This program follows the guide on startbodyweight.com and generates workout plans according to its rules.
The goal of BodyweightHelper is to simplify the learning curve for this fitness plan.
By having all of startbodyweight's rules coded into the program, the user can simply input
their starting fitness level, then follow the plans generated by the script and improve their strength.

<h2> Progress </h2>

The exercise data is stored in the file progressions.py. <i>Right now it does not include all the exercises, 
only a few variations of squats and pullups. My next goal is to add all the exercises.</i>
The logic of the program is complete. 

<h2> Detailed description </h2>

To use the program, download everything and run main.py. All imports are local or part of the standard library.
The program opens to a main menu screen and the user is given the option to create, view, or log a workout.
Choosing each option brings the user to a 'gateway' menu, giving them the option to confirm their choice
or to return to the main menu.

The creation menu prompts the user to enter the name of the workout. It then displays a list of exercises and asks
the user to select the ones they wish to incorporate into their routine. Afterwards, it goes through each selected
exercise and asks the user to choose the difficulty they want to start at. After this, a Workout object is created
and stored in a list. <i>Note: right now the program does not include file i/o. Any workout created will not be saved 
once the program quits. Saving user data in a file is my next goal after incorporating the rest of the exercises.</i>

The view menu first displays a preview of all the workouts the user has created so far. The user can choose to view
the details of a specific workout, which will display the names of each exercise variation and its number of repetitions.
The user can go back and forth as they wish.

The log menu similarly displays a preview of all workouts and prompts the user to select one. Once one is selected,
the workout's information will be updated according to startbodyweight's rules (the difficulty will be increased
incrementally). The new workout is displayed so that the user knows what their next workout will look like.

<h2> Plans </h2>

1. Include the rest of the exercises/variations so that the program can be 'complete'
2. Organize the code better. Ex. make a function for all the repeated code in main() ?
3. File i/o
4. Add more information for the user, ex. video demonstrations found on the site and explanations for how to choose difficulty level
5. Learn GUI and add a GUI?????? I'm scared